Removing the images that are no longer being managed in azure-pipelin… (#1445)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-image-generation: images/win/README.md

> The VS2019 and VS2017 Azure pipelines Windows-based images are now in the [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) repository. The Windows Container image is still being managed in the azure-pipelines-image-generation repository for now. For future contributions to the VS2017 or VS2019 image or for issues regarding any of the images, please use the virtual-environments repository instead. You can still view the commit history of those images from when they used to live in the azure-pipelines-image-generation repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VS2017 and VS2019 Azure Pipelines Windows-based images are now in the [virtual-environments](https://github.com/actions/virtual-environments) repository. The Windows Container image is still being managed in this repository. Please submit issues and pull requests for the VS2017 and VS2019 images in the virtual-environments repository instead. You can still view the full commit history of the images in this repository.
```
